docs: Add content for the new Service Overview page (#87496)
elastic/kibana: docs/apm/service-overview.asciidoc

[[service-overview]]
=== Service overview

The *Service overview* page contains a wide variety of charts and tables that provide
visibility into how a service performs across your infrastructure. To help you isolate
potential issues, select a <<services,*service*>> to bring you to the *Service overview* page.

[discrete]
[[service-latency]]
=== Latency

Response times for the service. You can filter the *Latency* chart to display the average,
95th, or 99th percentile latency times for the service.

[role="screenshot"]
image::apm/images/latency.png[Service latency]

[discrete]
[[service-traffic-transactions]]
=== Traffic and transactions

The *Traffic* chart visualizes the average number of transactions per minute for the selected service.

The *Transactions* table displays a list of _transaction groups_ for the
selected service and includes the latency, traffic, error rate, and the impact for each transaction.
Transactions that share the same name are grouped, and only one entry is displayed for each group.

By default, transaction groups are sorted by _Impact_ to show the most used and slowest endpoints in your

> service. If there is a particular endpoint you are worried about, click *View transactions* to view the

Reviewer: Not sure about the wording here. I'd go with something more like "interested in" instead of "worried about", but the "View transactions" list takes you to the transactions overview which shows a similar list of transactions, and not a particular list of transactions.

Author: Thanks. I agree with you on the wording. I'll update it.

<<transactions, transactions overview>>.

[role="screenshot"]
image::apm/images/traffic-transactions.png[Traffic and transactions]

[discrete]
[[service-error-rates]]
=== Error rate and errors

> The *Error rate* chart displays the average error rates relating to the service, within a specific time range.

Reviewer 2: I think this is fine but just want to clarify that "Error rate" is (somewhat confusingly) based on transaction instead of error documents.
To be exact it is based on the `event.outcome` field on transaction fields and is the relative number of failed transactions. 

We might want to let users in on this secret - or maybe not. Depends on how much detail we can give them without confusing them.

Reviewer 3: I feel like I've seen this come up in discuss in the past. I think it makes sense to keep it high-level here, but maybe update the Error rate info on [this page](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/7.11/transactions.html) with the secret sauce.

Author: @bmorelli25 Thanks, will do. I included the other update in this PR.

The *Errors* table provides a high-level view of each error message when it first and last occurred,
along with the total number of occurrences. This makes it very easy to quickly see which errors affect
your services and take actions to rectify them. To do so, click *View errors*.

[role="screenshot"]
image::apm/images/error-rate.png[Error rate and errors]

[discrete]
[[service-span-duration]]
=== Span types average duration and dependencies

The *Average duration by span type* chart visualizes each span type's average duration and helps you determine
which spans could be slowing down transactions. The "app" label displayed under the
chart indicates that something was happening within the application, which could signal that the

> agent does not have auto-instrumentation for whatever was happening during that time.

Reviewer: It could signal that, but it could also just mean the time was spent in application code and not in database or external requests.

Author: Great. I'll add that. Thanks.

The *Dependencies* table displays a list of downstream services or external connections relevant
to the service at the selected time range. The table displays latency, traffic, error rate, and the impact of
each dependency. By default, dependencies are sorted by _Impact_ to show the most used and the slowest dependency.

> If there is a particular dependency you are worried about, click *View service map* to view the related

Reviewer: Again I'm not a fan of "worried." There's multiple use-cases where you could be investigating for different reasons, and they may or may not involve worry. 

![tenor-173001580](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9912/103973828-0c37cf00-5136-11eb-8ddd-bc960fc3fdc2.gif)

Author: Agreed. I'll update the wording.

<<service-maps, service map>>.

[role="screenshot"]
image::apm/images/spans-dependencies.png[Span type duration and dependencies]

[discrete]
[[service-instances]]
=== All instances

> The *All instances* table displays a list of all the available service instances within the selected time range.

Reviewer: Might be worth noting that the instance could be a host or a container depending on how the service runs, and that clicking the node name will bring you to the metrics tab for the service that shows more detailed charts.

Author: Thanks for the additional wording. I'll add it.

[[service-overview]]
=== Service overview

> The *Service overview* page contains a wide variety of charts and tables that provide
> visibility into how a service performs across your infrastructure. To help you isolate
> potential issues, select a <<services,*service*>> to bring you to the *Service overview* page.

Reviewer 3: The working feels a bit strange as-is. What about this?

```suggestion
Selecting a <<services,*service*>> brings you to the *Service overview*.
The *Service overview* contains a wide variety of charts and tables that provide
visibility into how a service performs across your infrastructure.
```

Author: Looks good. Thanks.

list of similar transactions on the <<transactions, transactions overview>> page.

[role="screenshot"]
image::apm/images/traffic-transactions.png[Traffic and transactions]

[discrete]
[[service-error-rates]]
=== Error rate and errors

The *Error rate* chart displays the average error rates relating to the service, within a specific time range.
The value displayed is based on the `event.outcome` field and is the relative number of failed transactions.

The *Errors* table provides a high-level view of each error message when it first and last occurred,
along with the total number of occurrences. This makes it very easy to quickly see which errors affect
your services and take actions to rectify them. To do so, click *View errors*.

[role="screenshot"]
image::apm/images/error-rate.png[Error rate and errors]

[discrete]
[[service-span-duration]]
=== Span types average duration and dependencies

The *Average duration by span type* chart visualizes each span type's average duration and helps you determine
which spans could be slowing down transactions. The "app" label displayed under the
chart indicates that something was happening within the application. This could signal that the

> agent does not have auto-instrumentation for whatever was happening during that time or the time was spent in the

Reviewer 3: add `that`?
```suggestion
agent does not have auto-instrumentation for whatever was happening during that time or that the time was spent in the
```

Author: Yes. Thanks!
